Hey, this is the solution to exercise 99 where we created this web application that was writing text
in a text file.
So we are using Flask. You need to install Flask
if you haven't pip install Flask, and then from the Flask library you import the Flask class then render template
string and request. And then you create an app instance, an app, a flask object which is a central object in
a flask application and then you have to create some HTML because you know this is HTML,
the thing that renders these web pages, HTML.
It's not Python, you cannot build this with Python.
So you need HTML, and then you start creating the URLs.
So in the home URL
You attach that URL with these functions.
So when the user visits the home page which is localhost colon 5000, that's the home page without slash
sent, when the user visits that you want to render the HTML strings.
So this here which is this one in here, ok. And then you have another URL which is this one here.
So it's a localhost colon 5000 slash sent.
Here you want to specify a methods GET and POST. This by default is a get method, this first URL.
This will have a post method which means this page can also get requests from the user.
And a post method is when the user submits something to the server, to the web server so the
user is submitting data.
Therefore you need to able this app, this URL to get post requests.
And this is the function we attached to this URL.
So when of the user visits this you URL, this function will you be called.
And what I'm doing here, is let's ignore this for now.
I'm saying that if I get a post request, so I import a request from here, from here, if I get a post request,
then line equals to request.form and line which corresponds with this name in here.
So basically I'm getting from the form I am getting the text that the user is imputing in the input text
box.
So basically line here will be equal to line three for example.
And then I open a text file in append mode so that I can append lines in the text file and then I write
down the line in that text file.
So I created a line equals to none here so that if the user doesn't send anything I don't get an error here
saying that line is not defined, so I created a line equals to none and then...
So if we get the post request we render the HTML string again.
So we send the string, the text, the users text to the web server to the text file and then we render
the page again so that the user can enter more lines. And  then this two are standard lines in a Flask application
which is basically saying that if you are not importing this script,
so if you're executing 99.py and you're not importing it from another file then run
the app.
So app.run. And you also have this debug equal to true which means that if your application is not
running,
you'll see some errors in your web page.
So in localhost colon 5000. Yeah, that's the application. I know it's a bit too much if you haven't heard of Flask
before so please try to go through a tutorial maybe go through my Python Mega Course that covers quite
a lot of Flask and we're building quite a few applications there.
And yeah, this is about this exercise.
Hope you enjoyed it and I'll talk to you later.